feat: add guide to iip-template.md (#10)
zurvan-lab/IPNN: iip-template.md

# IIP Guide

## Overview

This guide outlines the structure and key elements of an IIP document, providing a template for authors to use when submitting proposals. Each IIP is identified by a unique number and follows a specific file naming convention.

### File Naming Convention

The file name for an IIP should adhere to the following convention:
- The file is named with two digits, where a single-digit number is always prepended with a 0.
- Examples:

>   - 01.md

Reviewer: that's good to consider to keep file name like: `iip-xx.md`

Author: Yes, I will fix that

  - 02.md
  - ...
  - 100.md
  - 121.md

## IIP Structure

The structure of an IIP document is designed to provide a clear and organized presentation of the proposal. Each IIP consists of the following sections:

### IIP Number

The IIP number is a unique identifier for the proposal and is placed at the beginning of the document, following the format `IIP-XX`, where XX is the assigned number.

Example:
```markdown
IIP-XX
======
```

### Title

The title section should succinctly convey the main idea or purpose of the proposal.

Example:
```markdown
[Title]
------
```
### Authors

> 

Reviewer: for title an other stuff which is not a part of content we can use this style at the top of file:

```yml
---
iip: 0
title: IIP title
status: draft, standard, withdrawn
type: optional, requier
author: name <email@example.com>
created: 2023-07-10
---
```

Author: > for title an other stuff which is not a part of content we can use this style at the top of file:
> 
> ```yaml
> ---
> iip: 0
> title: IIP title
> status: draft, standard, withdrawn
> type: optional, requier
> author: name <email@example.com>
> created: 2023-07-10
> ---
> ```

I agree, but I think the `created` is not really needed because it is already version controlled
for `status` I think `draft` and `standard`, if something is `withdrawn` it should removed from the project.

Reviewer: that's ok, we can remove them.

but created and withdrawn status help us to have a history.
that's up to you, keep or remove them.

Author: Let's keep the date then, we remove it if cumbersome

Reviewer: ok, keep the date and draft, standard statuses.

author: name <email@example.com>
created: 2023-07-10
---

<!--
  READ CONTRIBUTING.md BEFORE USING THIS TEMPLATE!

  This is the suggested template for new IIPs. After you have filled in the requisite fields, please delete these comments.

  Note that an IIP number _can_ be assigned by **you**. Please see CONTRIBUTING.md for more information.

  The title should be 44 characters or less.

  TODO: Remove this comment before submitting
-->

## Abstract

<!--
  The Abstract is a multi-sentence (short paragraph) technical summary. This should be a very terse and human-readable version of the specification section. Someone should be able to read only the abstract to get the gist of what this specification does.

  TODO: Remove this comment before submitting
-->

## Motivation

<!--
  This section is optional.

  The motivation section should include a description of any nontrivial problems the IIP solves. It should not describe how the IIP solves those problems, unless it is not immediately obvious. It should not describe why the IIP should be made into a standard, unless it is not immediately obvious.
  
  TODO: Remove this comment before submitting
-->

## Specification

<!--

>   The Specification section should describe the syntax and semantics of any new feature. The specification should be detailed enough to allow competing, interoperable implementations for any of the current Pactus platforms (besu, erigon, Pactusjs, go-Pactus, nethermind, or others).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
  The Specification section should describe the syntax and semantics of any new feature. The specification should be detailed enough to allow competing, interoperable implementations for any of the current IPNN platforms (redvin and others).
```
